doc/rbd: namespace mirroring updates (#60420)
ceph/ceph: doc/rbd/rbd-mirroring.rst

  blocks can be quickly determined without the need to scan the full RBD image.
  Since this mode is not as fine-grained as journaling, the complete delta 
  between two snapshots will need to be synced prior to use during a failover
  scenario. Any partially applied set of deltas will be rolled back at the 
  moment of failover.

.. note:: journal-based mirroring requires the Ceph Jewel release or later;
   snapshot-based mirroring requires the Ceph Octopus release or later.

Mirroring is configured on a per-pool basis within peer clusters and can be

> configured on a namespace or specific subset of images within the pool.  You can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configured on a namespace or specific subset of images within the pool or namespace.  You can
```

  blocks can be quickly determined without the need to scan the full RBD image.
  Since this mode is not as fine-grained as journaling, the complete delta 
  between two snapshots will need to be synced prior to use during a failover
  scenario. Any partially applied set of deltas will be rolled back at the 
  moment of failover.

.. note:: journal-based mirroring requires the Ceph Jewel release or later;
   snapshot-based mirroring requires the Ceph Octopus release or later.

.. note:: All instances of the term "namespace" in this document refer to RBD

>    namespaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   image namespaces.
```

Mirroring is configured on a per-pool basis within peer clusters and can be

> configured on an RBD namespace or specific subset of images within the pool or

Reviewer: Already covered by the note above:
```suggestion
configured on a namespace or specific subset of images within the pool or
```

> namespace. You can also mirror all images within a given pool when using

Reviewer: `rbd mirror pool enable pool1/ns1 pool` with journal-based mirroring would enable it for all images in the namespace, right?
```suggestion
namespace. You can also mirror all images within a given pool or namespace when using
```

   same name exists on the destination cluster, that pool will be used.
#. If neither of the above is true, no data pool will be set.

Namespace Configuration
=======================

> Mirroring can be configured for a namespace in a pool. The pool must already

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mirroring can be configured on a namespace in a pool. The pool must already
```

have been configured for mirroring. The namespace can be mirrored to a namespace

> with the same or a different name in the pool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with the same or a different name in the remote pool.
```

Enable Mirroring
----------------

To enable mirroring on a namespace with ``rbd``, issue the ``mirror pool enable``
subcommand with the namespace spec and the mirroring mode, and an optional
remote namespace name::

>         rbd mirror pool enable {pool-name}/{local-namespace} {mode} --remote-namespace {namespace-name}

Reviewer: Rename arguments for consistency and add square brackets to indicate optionality:
```suggestion
        rbd mirror pool enable {pool-name}/{local-namespace-name} {mode} [--remote-namespace {remote-namespace-name}]
```

The mirroring mode can either be ``image`` or ``pool``:

* **image**: When configured in ``image`` mode, mirroring must
  `explicitly enabled`_ on each image.
* **pool** (default):  When configured in ``pool`` mode, all images in the namespace
  with the journaling feature enabled are mirrored.

For example::

        $ rbd --cluster site-a mirror pool enable image-pool/namespace-a image --remote-namespace namespace-b
        $ rbd --cluster site-b mirror pool enable image-pool/namespace-b image --remote-namespace namespace-a

This will set up image mode mirroring between image-pool/namespace-a on cluster
site-a and image-pool/namespace-b on cluster site-b.
If the ``--remote-namespace`` option is not provided, the namespace will be

> mirrored to the same namespace name on the remote cluster.

Reviewer: Suggest a tweak since there can be multiple `namespace-a` namespaces in the remote cluster (in different pools):
```suggestion
mirrored to a namespace with the same name in the remote pool.
```

> mirrored to the same namespace name on the remote cluster.

Author: It is not required at this point.  The user can create it later after it has been configured on the first cluster.

Disable Mirroring
-----------------

To disable mirroring on a namespace with ``rbd``, specify the ``mirror pool disable``
command and the namespace spec::

        rbd mirror pool disable {pool-name}/{namespace-name}

When configured in ``image`` mode, any mirror enabled images in the namespace

> must be explicitly disabled before disabling mirroring on the namespace.

Author: Can you elaborate on what you mean ?  The `mirror image disable` command is only run on the primary image except in rare cases where the primary is unavailable?

> must be explicitly disabled before disabling mirroring on the namespace.

Reviewer 2: ok i mean just mentioning the command on how to disable the mirrored images using `rbd mirror image disable` command would make user much easier I thought.

> must be explicitly disabled before disabling mirroring on the namespace.

Author: I think it is fine not to mention the command as there is a section on disabling images in the same doc.

=======================

Mirroring can be configured on a namespace in a pool. The pool must already
have been configured for mirroring. The namespace can be mirrored to a namespace
with the same or a different name in the remote pool.

Enable Mirroring
----------------

To enable mirroring on a namespace with ``rbd``, issue the ``mirror pool enable``
subcommand with the namespace spec and the mirroring mode, and an optional
remote namespace name::

        rbd mirror pool enable {pool-name}/{local-namespace-name} {mode} [--remote-namespace {remote-namespace-name}]

The mirroring mode can either be ``image`` or ``pool``:

* **image**: When configured in ``image`` mode, mirroring must
  `explicitly enabled`_ on each image.
* **pool** (default):  When configured in ``pool`` mode, all images in the namespace
  with the journaling feature enabled are mirrored.

For example::

        $ rbd --cluster site-a mirror pool enable image-pool/namespace-a image --remote-namespace namespace-b
        $ rbd --cluster site-b mirror pool enable image-pool/namespace-b image --remote-namespace namespace-a

This will set up image mode mirroring between image-pool/namespace-a on cluster

> site-a and image-pool/namespace-b on cluster site-b.

Reviewer: Might be worth adding a sentence here stressing that `--remote-namespace` mapping that is set up on one cluster must match that on the other cluster.
